Refactoring docs, add `dropdown.md`, `README.md` in `/docs/guide/en`. (#255)
yiisoft/bootstrap5: docs/guide/en/README.md

> # User Guide (English)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# User Guide
```

> Welcome to the English user guide for the Yii Framework Twitter Bootstrap 5 Extension!.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the user guide for the Yii Framework Twitter Bootstrap 5 package.
```
